PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/topLeft/y.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Allows you to specify vertical position of the exported grid.

Reviewer: Allows you to specify vertical position of the exported DataGrid.

> Allows you to specify vertical position of the exported DataGrid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the vertical position of the exported DataGrid.
```
